Adding java code sample for is Element Selected (#503)
SeleniumHQ/seleniumhq.github.io: docs_source_files/content/webdriver/web_element.en.md

{{< code-tab >}}
  {{< code-panel language="java" >}}
 //navigates to url 
 driver.get("https://the-internet.herokuapp.com/checkboxes");
  
 //returns true if element is selected else returns false

>  boolean value =  driver.findElement(By.xpath("//*[@id="checkboxes"]/input[1]")).isSelected();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 boolean value =  driver.findElement(By.cssSelector("input[type='checkbox']:first-of-type")).isSelected();
```

Can we use cssSelector instead of xpath. Also please change in all language bindings
